# Robin Backend Interview Challenge

Welcome!

Here you will find a set of problems to solve when interviewing with the Robin backend team. These problems represent real-world scenarios you can expect to encounter while working at Robin.

We do not expect you to spend more than 1 hour on each challenge, and at most 4 hours for all challenges.

## Getting Started

We've provided a few example projects to get you started in Java, PHP, and NodeJS. Using our projects is not a requirement but it may help you avoid some framework bootstrapping and environment setup. Each repository has its own README that explains how to build/run the project. Feel free to modify anything within the projects or start from scratch.

If you decide to create your own project, the user data is found in `user_data.json`; otherwise, the data is baked into the projects that we've provided.

## Challenges

You will be building a json REST api. Each challenge builds off the previous one so you may find it easier to solve in sequential order. Solve as many challenges as you have time for. If you can't complete a challenge in the allotted time, don't worry about it. We recognize that you may have other obligations throughout the day and don't expect you to reserve more time for the project.

### Challenge 1

Find times where all users could meet, not including working hours.

### Challenge 2

Find times where all users could meet within their working hours.

### Challenge 3

Find times where users could potentially meet within working hours and order the results by number of users who can attend.

### Response

Formatting is not particularly important. You should return the number of `available_users` in the body and the time frame that the users are available for.

### User Data

The user data is structured like this:
```
[
  {
    "user_id": 1,
    "time_zone": "UTC",
    "working_hours": {
      "start": "09:00",
      "end": "17:00"
    },
    "events": [
      {
        "id": 2,
        "title": "Meeting B",
        "from": "2019-01-01T09:00:00+0000",
        "to": "2019-01-01T10:00:00+0000"
      },
      {
        "id": 4,
        "title": "Meeting D",
        "from": "2019-01-01T11:00:00+0000",
        "to": "2019-01-01T12:00:00+0000"
      },
      {
        "id": 6,
        "title": "Meeting F",
        "from": "2019-01-01T12:00:00+0000",
        "to": "2019-01-01T12:45:00+0000"
      },
      {
        "id": 8,
        "title": "Meeting H",
        "from": "2019-01-01T14:00:00+0000",
        "to": "2019-01-01T15:30:00+0000"
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

`user_id` is the user's id

`time_zone` is the user's IANA timezone

`working_hours` are the hours that the user has set that they will be in the office.

`events` is a list of the user's events. All datetimes are represented in [ISO 8601](<https: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601>) format with a GMT timezone.

## Submitting

Include a README that explains how to run your code, prerequisite installs to run it (if necessary), and what you would have done differently if you had more time. Send us a git patch to submit your code. This can be generated by running the following command. Please check to make sure all your changes are committed before generating the patch file.

`git format-patch master --stdout > <yourname>-solutions.patch`

During your interview, you'll walk us through your code. We look forward to seeing your solutions!
